I saw Venezuela again. I saw battleships all around Venezuela.
And the Lord said, 'This is more than drug trafficking.'He's trying to cause a front to cause a pause in the BRICS system.
The BRICS, as I told you, was reaching out to Venezuela, Cuba, North Korea, and these other nations to build a strong BRICS, giving them an olive branch of peace, saying, 'Listen, you join up with us and we'll give you financial liberty out from underneath the United States sanctions.'You join oil with us, you do business with us, and we'll give you a head seat at the BRICS table.
Trump knew this and he was saying, 'No, we're going to put these battleships there. We're going to cause confusion.
We're not going to let that happen.'He's taking down this guy, trying to cause confusion in Venezuela.
But it was a front, trying to stop it to save face for the dollar for this season as Russia, China, and all these others were trying to reach out to Venezuela for the oil because they needed oil economic resources to back the BRICS to make it stronger.
Oil with Venezuela, oil with Saudi Arabia, and whoever they're trying to get in the Middle East to build the BRICS up.
Putin has had an upper hand trying to make alliances with strategic countries for the last four years.
You'll hear this: I saw the oil wealth in Venezuela. I saw a Communist party rise up with Putin.
I saw them secretly meeting with Egypt, many of the OPEC nations, and China, trying to combat with the BRICS a new global currency with their coalition.
Then I saw Venezuela being promised things. Now I'm in Cuba, and I see Cuba being promised things and alliances of Cuba, Venezuela, and the countries that have been like outcasts.
Putin is not bluffing. What he's doing in the background with Kim Jong-un, Cuba, and Venezuela is creating strong alliances for a major war ahead.
Remember this: the other part of the vision from last night was Venezuela.
I keep seeing he will be like a Saddam. Show that picture. They look a lot like they could be brothers.
I thought that was kind of interesting. But I saw freedom coming and a new government coming into Venezuela.
What is it when you have a proxy government coming in, and the people of Venezuela have more freedom to do what they want to do?
The Lord showed me all these oil derricks and said, 'It's not all about drugs.
10% is about drugs, but 90% is about the oil and BRICS.'I saw a Gaddafi, I saw a Saddam-like man becoming overthrown in the days ahead.
If it's his own government that does it, I don't know, or if it's the United States, I don't know.
But I saw a major revolution, a shaking coming to this nation.
Trouble in Panama concerning trafficking, the Panama Canal, and drug trade routes. It is concerning China.
In Venezuela, there is an escalation of things, just like it was with Iraq and Saddam—an overthrowing of power.
I see an overthrowing of power of a dictator with slick hair.
I hear the word Gaddafi, a removing of a tyrant to have revival within it.
I see Putin coming to the aid of Venezuela. This could be a powder keg for greater escalation of war. I see TNT.
I see those barrels like on those cartoons of TNT, and it's wrapped around, and it says TNT, and it's exploding.
The fuse is getting shorter and shorter concerning Venezuela, and Russia is a part of this.
They want to extend the olive branch of peace to BRICS. This is not innocent on our part in escalation.
It's about the oil. We must put a kink in the hose. I see a kink in a water hose for strategic allies concerning Putin.
This is concerning a darkness upon Cuba for the electric grid.
I see problems with the infrastructure and the electric grid by design—cyberattacks because they're getting out of line.
Cracking of a whip. But the traffickers and the MS-13, there's gang lords.
And there's Santeria. There's great witchcraft wrapped into this.
I see it with the candles with great gang lords and drug smugglers.
They're using them. That's dark. Cuba, this is demonic religion there. It's a stronghold there.
But God wants to bring a great river of His presence there and bring revival all over Cuba and spread.
Remember the Cuban Missile Crisis. Don't forget the Cuban Missile Crisis.
Trump, Russia, old alliances, old friendships. I see a darkness on Cuba.
It's dated already, so it's not hard for the infrastructure of their grid. It's old things.
I see an extension cord again from Russia to Cuba, and it's under the water. This is symbolic. It's a black cord.
It looks like an internet cord going from Cuba to Russia—a secret cord in the water.
The woman in Mexico—there's so much corruption in so many governments all around. This is very... how you got in power in the first place.
But there are keys to her, to Venezuela, and it goes from Venezuela to her to Cuba, and they traffic the people and drugs through these tunnels.
Great corruption in the Hispanic government is Claudia Sheinbaum.
Remember this, though: Venezuela will be like an Iraq if it keeps going this way.
But Russia will step in, and other nations like 'Little Kim,'because they all have a plan.
That's why I told you they're holding their cards, waiting for Trump to be done with his turn.
For whatever reason, I saw America trying to have a regime change in Venezuela, trying to influence to get rid of the man with the black hair slicked back.
I saw the same way they did Saddam; they will try to do this man with the slick hair.
Yeah, Nicolás Maduro. I saw it being similar to Saddam. And it's oil, oil, oil.
Remember that. He kept saying that. I heard in the spirit realm many times: oil, oil, oil.
And it's to block them from joining the BRICS because they don't want them to join the BRICS to back the BRICS nations because they have oil.
It will get them around the Western sanctions and all the things that they can try to suppress them because they're corrupt.
They have a bad government. Look at the way they do their people.
There's a lot of witchcraft there. I just saw a lot of witchcraft in their nation.
What was interesting was as I was looking in the spirit over Venezuela, there was a haze of witchcraft that looked like a satanic, demonic fog over the land.
I could see the tropical landscape, but as the dirt went up, I could see a demonic fog resting on the nation, about three or four feet thick.
I've never been to Venezuela, but it looked jungly and tropical, but it had a demonic layer across the nation with witchcraft, and it suppressed the people.
So, I don't know if there's a lot of occult there, but that's what I saw.
A lot of occult on the land. But then when I saw his face, I saw Saddam. Does that make sense?
They were paired like twins—like brothers, like twins—but they're not brothers.
That's the way of the spirit. We must pray for Venezuela. An escalation of war is at the shore.
Keep our hand out of that. It's a game of chess, all of it. How do you stay on top?
How do you stay the winner? How do you stay the reserve currency of the world?
How do you stay the world's reserve currency? Strategic allies to Russia with the BRICS.
BRICS get stronger. What backs BRICS? What does Venezuela have?
Venezuela has oil. Venezuela has agriculture. I don't know, I'm not familiar.
All I keep seeing is oil derricks. All I keep seeing is big oil.
Those big ones in the ocean. I see massive—I'm talking massive—oil.
Big money in oil is what I keep seeing right now. They're the ones out in the Gulf of America.
You see the big oil rigs? Oil rigs. That's what I see around Venezuela: big oil rigs.
And this has to do with the BRICS. A destabilization of the dollar is what they plan to do.
It's not just about drugs; it's not just about trafficking. It's the same thing with Kim Jong-un.
He's a crazy rocket man, and that's why they don't try to push him too much because he's a crazy rocket man.
It's surrounding him and it's surrounding strategic allies concerning the BRICS with China, Russia, North Korea, Iran, Venezuela, Cuba, the unwanteds, certain countries in Africa, and even Afghanistan.